README.md, before:


# ReadMe Generator

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
    
## Table of Contents
==================
* [Description](#Description) 
* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Usage](#Usage) 
* [Contributing](#contributing) 
* [Testing](#testing)
* [license](#license) 
* [Questions](#Questions)

==================
    
## Description
    
This is a Node CLI application used to automatically generate a Readme file for projects. Technologies used are Javascript and Node including fs and inquirer within node.
    
## Installation
    
Node must be downloaded to use. then Pull up the index.js file from the correct folder in your terminal to start the prompts.
    
## Usage

follow the prompts within the command line and then once all questions are answered a new file named ReadMe will be created within the same folder that can then be exported out to use for your projects. If you would like to see a video of using this application [click here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dqrjSPgdBxw9pqDMW16CnZENQ8iLDGQD/view)
    
## Contributing

Open source. feel free to contribute on git hub.

## Testing

None.

### license

This application is covered under the MIT License. Please see any additional files in GitHub for details. 

### Questions

If you have any questions please contact at [beccaablanton@gmail.com](beccaablanton@gmail.com)

[Link to GitHub Profile](https://www.github.com/BeccaBlanton)

Commit message:

added Readme file of project, added screenshot

README.md, after:


# Catch 'em All

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
    
## Table of Contents
==================
* [Description](#Description) 
* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Usage](#Usage) 
* [Contributing](#contributing) 
* [Testing](#testing)
* [license](#license) 
* [Questions](#Questions)

==================
    
## Description
    
a simple webpage to store your wishlist of favorite pokemon and track ones you have caught.
    
## Installation
    
no installation needed. go to site using URL
    
## Usage

enter in pokemon you want to catch, can press caught if you found one of your wishlist pokemon, will move to a captured list.
    
## Contributing



## Testing



### license

This application is covered under the MIT License. Please see any additional files in GitHub for details. 

### Questions

If you have any questions please contact at [beccaablanton@gmail.com](beccaablanton@gmail.com)

[Link to GitHub Profile](https://www.github.com/BeccaBlanton)
